# J.A.T.E. - My Easy Text Editor

## DESCRIPTION
A text editor built to work entirelyon your web browser, aiming to require as few resources as possible from your machine, while still installable and available without internet connection. But in the end, it is still J.A.T.E., Just Another Text Editor.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS  
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#instructions)
* [Contributing](#contribution)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)  


## INSTALLATION
You can use the app as a tab on your browser, but if you prefer, you have the option to install it on your computer. To do so, click on the button located on the top left edge of the application. You will be prompted with a question to confirm that you want to proceed with the installation. Click on yes to download the app and it will be installed automatically. You will notice it's icon on your desktop screen. To uninstall it the app, open the settings menu at the top right corner of the screen. Then you will see the option to uninstall.


## USAGE
At the first time you open the app, you will see it's logo written on the app. Erase it and use the app to write whatever you need. Notes, todo lists, code snippets. There is no need to save the text as the application stores it in a built in database that will be kept as cache in the browser.


## CONTRIBUTING
You are welcome to help if you have any ideas to improve our project! If you want to do so, just follow these steps:

1 - Fork the repository.  
2 - Create a new branch for you new feature or bug fix.  
3 - Make the changes you have in mind.  
4 - Commit your changes and push them to your fork.  
5 - Open a pull request detailing the changes you've made.

## LICENSE
MIT license  


Copyright (c) 2023 Leopoldo Gurgel Barroso Pimentel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

# CONTACT
* Github: [LeopoldoGurgel](https://github.com/LeopoldoGurgel)
* E-mail: leopoldogbp@gmail.com

This file was generated by Easy Readme Generator